discover the sun was a very popular
travel agency
it sold package tours to the hottest and
most exotic destinations
but one day the police found out this
company helped criminals flee the
country
they also learned the exact date when it
would happen the next time
on that day several police officers
arrived at the airport
they stopped a group of tourists who
were flying to a caribbean island
but the detectives didn't know the
criminal's identity
that's why they had to search the
baggage of all the customers
look at their bags and say who the
criminal is
it's the young woman on the left if
she's going on a package tour to a hot
place
why does she need a winter jacket
eric is trapped in a room it's slowly
filling with water that's coming from a
tap in the wall
there are no windows in the room and the
door is blocked
eric has a mop and a big bucket what can
he do to survive
the only thing the guy needs to do is to
turn off the tab
ah you knew that didn't you
laura agreed to take part in a riddle
competition
one of the tasks was to get out of a
locked room
she had to figure out the code for the
combination lock
and the only thing that could help her
was this note
2 equals 6 4 equals 26
5 equals 426 6 equals
y in a couple of minutes laura was
already leaving the room
what was the code
the code was just one number six
six equals two because two equals six
megan invited her friends to her
favorite restaurant to celebrate her
birthday
they were having a lot of fun megan got
the best birthday present ever
her friends gave her a diamond ring
suddenly the room plunged into
darkness after several minutes of total
confusion
the lights came back on but megan's ring
was gone
look at the picture thoroughly and try
to figure out who stole it
it's the waiter look at the glass he's
holding he put the ring
inside now there's much more water in it
jacob's girlfriend nicole loved riddles
one day she was on a business trip to
france
she called jacob and told him it was her
relative's birthday
could you go and congratulate them
please when the guy asked her which
relative he had to visit
nicole answered it's the daughter of the
only son of my grandfather
who is this mysterious relative jacob is
asked to congratulate
it's nicole's sister brandon was a
police officer
that day he was patrolling the streets
of the small town where he
lived when the man was driving past his
best friend's house
he saw that the front door was open he
decided to check if everything was okay
as soon as brandon entered the hall he
spotted his friend
lying on the floor after the man was
taken to a hospital
the officer went to question the
neighbors julie said
i've been planting new fruit trees in my
garden since early morning
nathan said i have some problems with my
car
i was in the garage all day long trying
to fix them
and patrick told brandon they aired a
new episode of my favorite tv show
i stayed at home to watch it which
neighbor is lying
nathan his hands and gloves are spotless
it wouldn't be possible if he had been
repairing his car
this means he's lying ms lopez took her
students to an art museum
half an hour into the excursion a
worried museum worker approached the
professor
he told ms lopez one of the exhibits a
precious vase
had been damaged the culprit could be no
one else but one of the students
only three of them came close to the
vase but who ruined it
maria said after i looked at the vase i
noticed my makeup was smudged
so i went straight to the bathroom
anthony said
i didn't touch the exhibit after looking
at it i went to the next room to see the
dino skeleton
and nathan said he had been following ms
lopez taking notes
one of these students is lying but who
antony there are no dinosaur bones in
the art museum
someone broke into samantha's house
through the window and stole some
valuable things
when the police came she told them she
suspected her younger brother sam the
police officers went to question the guy
but he denied everything i was playing
basketball several days ago and broke my
arm
it's in a cast now i wouldn't be able to
get into the house
the police officers left but the next
day one of them saw
sam in a cafe the guy was still wearing
the cast
but the officer immediately arrested him
why
when the police visited sam the guy had
the cast on his right arm
now it was on his left arm look at these
two families having dinner
one is munching on pizzas with different
yummy toppings
the other is having steaks and
vegetables can you figure out which
family is poorer
no matter how tasties the pizzas are
they're still cheaper than large pieces
of meat
this means the family eating steaks must
have more money than the second one
keith had a tragic accident when he was
a teenager
unfortunately it left the guy blind he
was dreaming of being able to see again
for years
one day keith was lucky to find a doctor
who told him
a special surgery could solve his
problem keith agreed right away
the surgery went well and the guy took a
train to go home
his girlfriend accompanied him the
doctor told keith he had to wait for at
least three hours before taking the
bandages off
keith was so impatient and excited he
could hardly wait for the time to be
over
three hours later they were still on the
train and even though his girlfriend was
against this idea
the guy wouldn't listen he slowly pulled
off the bandages
and then he screamed and lost
consciousness why
when keith opened his eyes the train was
going through a dark tunnel
the poor guy thought he was still blind
and fainted
to pass an exam dennis has to solve a
riddle
two plus two is the same as two times
two
find a set of three whole numbers whose
sum will be the same as their total when
multiplied
dennis gave the right answer almost
immediately
these numbers are one two and three
tyler was going to his friend's place in
the evening when a stranger in a black
mask caught him the next thing the guy
knew he was in a large room
locked in a cage there were three levers
in the wall next to the cage
if he pulled the first lever he would
let hungry lions into the cage
the second lever would fill the cage
with water and the third lever would
activate a special mechanism
it would make the top of the cage move
down towards the bottom
crushing everyone and everything inside
which lever should tyler pull to survive
his only choice is the second lever all
the water will flow out through the bars
of the cage
joan came home one evening and
discovered that someone had burgled her
house
when the police arrived first of all
they went to question the neighbors
victoria said i was visiting my friend
she lives two blocks away
i came home a couple of minutes ago
peter explained to the officers that he
was ill
he only made a short trip to the
pharmacy and stayed in bed after that
nathan said my wife and i were preparing
for a barbecue party
our friends were supposed to come to us
but as you see
it's pouring with rain and we had to
cancel our plans
the police officers realized that for
some reason
one of the neighbors was lying who was
it
victoria it was raining and she said she
had just come home
but her hair clothes and the umbrella
which was standing near the door
were absolutely dry matthew has only
black and white socks
but he keeps them all mixed one evening
the guy's in a hurry
he's getting ready for a romantic dinner
with his girlfriend
suddenly the power goes out now it's
completely dark in the room
the guy has 10 white and 10 black socks
in the drawer
he can't see anything how many socks
must he pull out of the drawer to get
two matching ones
just three in a set of three socks he's
bound to have
two socks of the same color look at the
picture
carefully and try to figure out which
person is left-handed
[Music]
the waiter is a lefty it's easier for a
left-handed person to hold the tray in
the right hand
and deal with the food and drinks with
the left or dominant one
a farmer only has goats sheep and horses
on his farm
at the moment they're all horses but
five
all goats but four and all sheep but
three
so how many of each animal does the
farmer have
there were three sheep two goats and one
horse on the farm
altogether there were six animals